Section1.
Typography: The art and science of arranging type
Visual Design: a creative process that combines art and technology to communicate ideas
legibility (size) and readability (poor spacing)
Glyph - single symbol of a typeface, letters, puncuation, numbers
typeface: family of glyphs
font: specific setting of glyphs 
sizing: top to bottom of letters (point)
1. absolute size
2. relative size
x height: top to baseline of lowercase 'x'
weight - heaviness of typeface based on thickness of strokes (bold and normal)

css font stack (helvetica, times new roman, etc.)
prioritized listing based on browser

Section 2. Typography and Readability
Line Length - number of characters per line (preferred 80 characters)
Line Height - 2em for example (preferred 150% - 200% of text size) (margin 2em)
Paragraph Spacing - spacing between paragraphs
Hierarchy and Flow:
Headlines, body (bodycopy)

Section 4. Typographic Pairings : Best Practices
Mixing type families can help flow
Sans and Serrifs (good pairing)
Weights (Semi-bold, Bold, and Black) 1 degree between weights eg. Semi-bold and black are best paired
Stroke Thickness: Wide and Condensed faces are bad for small text (legibility problems)
If types share same baseline, they should also share a similar x-height

Section 6. Advanced Typographic Considerations
Type Scalability
- use css em, not px
Extended Characters (ligatures, alternates, smallcaps)
("typography is the visual design of grammar")
follow typographic norms:
	1. Only use single space after periods
	2.Hyphens (-) ex. Blue-green sea
		en dash (--) 3--4 times per week
		em dash --- 
	3.Typographer's Quotes (boy's dog) vs Prime Marks (6'5")

Section 8. Color --- Typography and Beyond
Navigational Text: Hoverstate, permenantly changed states
red yellow and blue are primary colors
orange, green, purple, secondary colors
1. Analogous (adjacent colors)
2. Triadic (spaced apart colors, e.g red blue yellow)
3. Complementary (opposite colors e.g blue and orange)
4. Monochromatic (tints and shades of 1 color)